♪♪
Andi:
Previously on Andi Mack...
-I'm sorry.
-For what?
That was terrible.
-It'll get better.
-No, it won't.
Can I ask you something?
You seem to know Bowie.
It's just 'cause I was thinking
I'd like to ask him out.
Saw you at The Spoon
with some person
I didn't know
and I thought, "Hmm, I wonder
who that person is with Jonah."
She's just a friend.
-I made a friend today.
-Everybody's making friends.
I'm looking for Jonah Beck.
Oh, I thought he was with you.
I thought he was with you.
He said he had to go
to some sing-along thing.
He did?
Didn't you get my text?
No.
"I'm here, where are you?"
I'm here too.
Look back, grab your left foot
with your left hand--
Bex:
Oh! Ow!
That's impossible.
-(continues indistinctly)
-No one is that bendy.
Andi:
We shouldn't have
started with level nine.
Push up, bend your knees,
grab your feet.
-Bex: Oh, no! Ugh!
-Andi: That is not happening.
Andi:
My body can't do that.
Instructor:
Elbows touch.
Legs down
on the exhale, slowly.
Good sesh.
-Lower down.
-Level Ten?
-Crow Pose .
-Both: Oh! Nope.
♪ I'm standin'
on the edge ♪
♪ And everything I know-oh-oh
is blown away ♪
♪ Life is upside down ♪
♪ But any way it goes
I'll work it out ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Here we go ♪
-♪ One, two, three ♪
-♪ I'm ready for tomorrow ♪
♪ Tomorrow starts today ♪
♪ There ain't a map to follow ♪
♪ But I'm with you all the way ♪
-♪ I'm ready for tomorrow ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Tomorrow starts today ♪
♪ There ain't a map to follow ♪
-♪ But I'm with you
all the way ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ All the way ♪
I can do this all day.
I haven't had
anything to drink,
so I won't have to go
to the bathroom until tomorrow.
I play winner.
Play me now.
Now, while I have you here--
Okay, while you have
each other.
Stop trying to distract us.
Let me just put this
non-distracting flier
where you can see it.
Behold! The Renaissance Faire
is here. Huzzah!
You go to that?
'Tis a day
of gambols and mirth.
And despite all that,
it's actually really fun.
Forsooth,
'tis an annual tradition
for me and mine merry folk.
Pace yourself, Cyrus.
The Renaissance Faire?
I don't know...
They have over-sized
turkey legs.
Now we're talking.
Shall we say
RenFaire drawbridge at dawn?
We can say 2:30.
So be it. Mm.
Cyrus:
Huzzah!
-(fork clatters)
-I'm stuffed.
I bring you to
an all-you-can-eat
pancake breakfast
and all you can eat is one?
And a half.
Well, get comfortable
because all I can eat is a lot.
Oh, hold on.
Ooh! Is that your license?
Wait.
I just want to look
at your picture.
Look at you, you're adorable.
How old were you?
-Bowie!
-What?
Today is your birthday.
It is?
Why didn't you say anything?
(sighs) Look, it's no big deal.
I just don't like announcing,
"Hey, it's my day.
Celebrate me.
Buy me presents.
Sing to me."
(scoffs) Why not?
It's the one day a year
where you get to be
extra special.
Well, I don't need that.
What are you
doing today?
All-you-can-eat pancakes
with my daughter.
Besides this?
I have a shift later
at Judy's Blooms.
(scoffs) Ooh! I have an idea!
You should come
to RenFaire with me.
You can be king for a day.
(chuckles) Because I don't
need to be king for a day
at RenFaire.
Watch this.
(deep, loud voice):
More pancakes!
(regular voice):
And a little bit
more coffee, please?
Today's his birthday?
Did I know that?
I don't think I knew that.
Because he refuses
to celebrate it.
He doesn't feel the need
(sighs)
Sometimes he can be so Bowie.
But... we're gonna
celebrate it!
We're throwing him
a surprise party!
Great idea.
Do you want to
have it here?
We should do it
at Cece and Pops'.
It'll be a surprise
for them too.
Okay, so we need cake,
we need streamers, we need...
somebody to do all of this
because I'm going to RenFaire.
No, no. It's okay.
I'll just skip it this year.
No, go!
I can handle this.
Okay, but this
has to be next level.
Um, excuse me,
which one of us
threw a party that was
off the chain?
Okay, so the fact
that you just said
"off the chain,"
worries me.
How about off the hook?
Off the charts?
It's gotta be
off something, right?
Okay, so let's just agree
that you're good
at planning parties,
but not so good
at describing them?
So, I'm throwing him
a surprise party tonight
and you both have to be there.
We will be.
I'm a big fan
of the birthday blindside.
For future reference,
you two might want
to remember that about me.
We know that about you.
But it's impossible
to surprise someone
who's constantly asking
to be surprised.
I'm gonna cut out
a little early from the Faire
so I can help set up.
You guys can both
be there by 7:00.
Be where?
Oh, hey!
Cece and Pops' house.
I'm throwing Bowie a surprise
birthday party tonight.
Doshe!
Oh, come here.
I need a picture with you.
-What for?
-(camera clicks)
My mom. I want to show her
who I beat arm wrestling.
No, don't smile,
look defeated.
Oh.
(camera clicks)
So, when is your mom
coming home?
I have no idea.
Let's go back
to talking about
Bowie's birthday.
Forsooth! I enlighten thee
with yon truth.
Birthdays were not celebrated
duringst medieval times.
Nor did most commoners
have a sense of day
or annum of their birth.
We should get him in there
before his head explodes.
Yeah, all right,
come on. (chuckles)
(folk music playing)
(laughter)
Behold, the Renaissance Faire!
In all its glory!
Let's get our mirth on!
Ooh, no one would know
this was your first Faire.
No, no. First thing's first.
First thing's first.
(rock music plays)
♪ We are wonderful ♪
Huzzah!
♪ We've made
ourselves invincible ♪
♪ We're flying high
and we can't look down ♪
Thank you.
♪ We are wonderful ♪
(camera shutter clicks)
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We are wonderful ♪
(both laughing)
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We are wonderful ♪
Mm. Mm.
All:
Huzzah!
♪ Come on, come on ♪
(RenFaire music resumes)
The victor!
Hear ye, lords and ladies.
Who amongst thee
dare'st be next
to proveth thy mettle?
Dost I have
any volunteers?
Ready?
♪ ♪
Barker:
Begin!
(dramatic music plays)
-(Buffy gasps)
-(crowd gasps)
-(Jonah gasps)
-(Buffy gasps)
-(crowd gasps)
(crowd gasps)
I could've been
verbal sparring with
the King's fool all this time.
(phone vibrates)
It's from Bex.
Andi:
I gotta go get ready
for the party.
(melancholy music plays)
Hi, Cyrus.
Iris.
What good fortune
to cast mine eyes
upon thee.
The fortune tis
all mine, sweet maiden.
(water spraying)
(Bex panting)
Oh, Bowie.
There you are.
-So glad I found you.
-Well, here I am,
hiding at work.
Everything okay?
Yes. Uh, actually, no.
Uh... Celia has
a plant emergency
that she needs you
to take care of.
Really? Why didn't
she just call me?
Enough with the questions.
Am I on trial here?
I just need to get you there.
Okay, okay.
What exactly is the problem?
So I know what to bring.
Um, there's like this,
uh, bulge...
-Bulge?
-...uh, on a tree.
-Really?
-And, uh,
there's this tree pus.
-Sap? Mm.
-Sap, yes, that's it.
And-- And spores.
Oh, so many spores.
You're such a terrible liar.
(scoffs) Hey!
I am a great liar.
I kept a secret baby
from you for 13 years.
(hose stops)
Is this about my birthday?
It's your birthday? What?
Okay, yes,
it's about your birthday.
Bex, look.
As long as it's not
a surprise party. Okay?
(chuckles)
It's a surprise party,
isn't it?
Surprise!
Okay, I appreciate the thought.
It was Andi's thought.
She wanted to do
something nice for you.
Look, I-- I can't go.
I'm sorry, I-- I just can't.
Bowie, can you tell me
what's really going on?
Because I don't buy
that this is all because
you hate the idea
of birthdays.
I don't hate the idea of them.
I just hate
the idea of mine.
Was it always like that?
No.
(sighs)
My dad and I
share the same birthday.
We'd always spend it together.
We'd go out
on a boat and fish.
Neither of us
would catch anything.
So we'd end up
eating store-bought seafood.
And talking about
how the next year,
the fish would definitely bite.
Sounds really nice.
Yeah, it was great.
Anyway, he passed away
three years ago.
Oh, no.
Bowie, I'm so sorry.
And ever since then,
I just haven't felt
like celebrating.
Not on our special day,
at least.
It just... hasn't felt right.
Look, I--
I totally understand.
I really do.
And you should be able
to spend today
however you want.
I will say
you may not have your dad,
but you do have a daughter
who wants to make
special memories
with her dad.
And right now, she's waiting
for you to show up
at a party that she planned
because she loves her father
as much as you loved yours.
That doesn't feel
so bad, does it?
No, it doesn't.
(chuckles)
You're right.
Of course you're right.
Hey, a broken clock
is still a great paper weight.
Or however that goes.
Thanks.
So, should we
get going?
Ah, mm. No.
We still have
a bunch of time to kill.
I thought it would
take longer to convince you.
M'lady, I must beg thou
forbearance with
my lowly self.
'Twas naught. 'Twas naught.
Forsooth, I--
Iris, I-- I can't do this
when I have something
I really need to say.
Okay.
I've never met,
and I never thought
that I would meet,
someone so much like myself.
And if I did meet them,
I never thought
that I'd like them.
But--
You like me,
but you don't
like me like that.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
I'm new at this, but I think
this is the part where I ask
if we could still be friends?
And this is the part
where I say sure.
Seems fated we should
cross paths anon.
Perhaps, sayeth, PaleoCon?
A fortnight past,
I acquired my billets.
You got billets already?
I didn't even think
they were for sale yet.
'Twas a fortunate
happenstance--
Whoa, whoa! Speak English!
I need those tickets.
Closing time.
I need my boxes.
Okay, Buffy, let's just
call it a draw.
No way.
Driscoll doesn't draw.
Fine. You win.
No, you don't.
-Pick up that rope.
-Pfft.
Okay, I win.
Can we go home now?
That wasn't fair.
Pick an ending, any ending.
You're not taking
this seriously.
And it's serious.
Is it?
Or is it just
a rope and two boxes?
Why is winning
so important to you?
It just is.
But nobody was even watching.
What are you trying to prove?
That I'm strong.
I have to be strong.
Because that's what
I promise my mom every time
she gets deployed.
She always says,
"Be strong, Buffy."
So I am.
You ready?
Yeah, I think so.
Okay, let's see
your surprise face.
My what?
Your surprise face.
This party lives and dies
on your ability to look
genuinely surprised
when you walk
through that door.
How hard can it be
to look surprised?
Well, we're about to find out.
(gasps)
Well, does that
look surprised or what?
Yeah, surprised to find
a dead body in your trunk.
Oh, I'm sorry,
I'm not an actor.
No kidding.
Then help me.
Just... don't try so hard.
Act like a normal
human being would
if he walked into
a room filled with his
friends and family.
Yeah, do that.
Okay.
(door opens)
-All: Surprise!
-(noisemakers)
What? Just what
I wanted! Clones!
Nailed it.
Are you kidding me, Bex?
A surprise party?
Too much.
Happy birthday!
(cheers)
(all chanting):
Bowie! Bowie! Bowie! Bowie!
Bowie! Bowie!
-♪ Of color and sound ♪
-(camera shutter clicks)
♪ It's my birthday ♪
♪ Whenever you're around ♪
♪ In my darkness ♪
♪ You make me glow ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ It feels good ♪
♪ Like I knew it would ♪
-Uh...
-Okay, two words.
Two words.
Oh! The universe!
Wait for the clue.
♪ All the games we play ♪
Grease mobile!
-Yes!
Yes!
What is that?
-It's his car.
-(sighs) This game is rigged.
I don't know
enough about you.
You're making a mistake.
He's going to crush you.
Bring it on.
First one.
(scoffs) You want to
challenge me? Please?
Apple.
Is that your final answer?
Yes, because it's the right one.
-Pink Lady.
-Ding! Ding, ding, ding, ding!
What? No, no, wait.
That's just another name
for apple.
♪ Like I knew you would ♪
♪ Oh, you know it feels good,
feels good, feels good ♪
♪ Oh, you know it feels good ♪
♪ Oh, you know it feels good,
feels good, feels good ♪
-(all shouting)
-Two words, two words.
-Two words!
-Um...
-(chattering)
-Oh, it's the universe!
-Oh!
-Yes!
It was bound
to come up sometime.
(laughs)
Okay, last one.
Red velvet.
Uh-- Hmm,
that's birthday candle.
-Yeah, Pops! You got it right.
-Huh? Haha! Yeah!
That's red-- Aw!
-(laughing)
-Hello!
Is that my birthday cake?
No, but this is.
♪ Happy ♪
Bex and Andi:
♪ Birthday to you ♪
All:
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear Bowie ♪
(cheers)
Whoo!
(noisemaker)
This is from
me, Buffy, and Cyrus.
Sorry, we didn't have
a lot of time to shop.
Oh.
Just what I've always wanted.
-(laughter)
-What?
Oh, man!
All: No!
Oh! No!
(everyone groans)
So good.
-(laughter)
-Okay, my turn, my turn.
Okay.
Celia, is this
what I think it is?
Some thorny sticks
with leaves?
No, it's-- it's a cutting
from your prize-winning
rose bush.
The first cutting
I've ever given.
I am trusting you
not to dilute the lineage.
So, did you
enjoy your birthday?
For the first time
in a long time,
I actually did.
Can't believe
you did this for me.
Why not?
Because nobody ever has before.
Hey, I love you.
I love you too, Dad.
You've never
called me dad before.
Well, it just
felt right tonight.
(chuckles) I know there's
no way for you to know this,
but that's the best gift
you could have ever given me.
♪ No, I've never
seen nothing like you ♪
♪ No one else
makes me feel like you do ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Andi:
Next on Andi Mack...
Doctor Metcalf!
He wants me to
star in some video thing
-for the school website.
-Action!
Here's where you're gonna
be spending most of your time
in middle school:
your locker.
(grunts)
Let's try some pre-algebra.
You think I'm stupid?
I never said that.
Well, I am.
-(phone vibrates)
-Oh, I gotta get this.
-Be right back.
-Are you seeing someone?
Okay, so you know.